---
date: 2025-08-13
location: https://meet.google.com/vnz-chhb-qxz
recording: 
transcript:
---

## Agenda

- [ ] Hinson / Jackal / Tw: Hydra closing duration
- [ ] George / Dominic: Payment processing interoperability

- [ ] Sebastian N: Throughput metrics (data / script)
- [ ] Phil: General L2 interoperability (CPS/CIP?)
- [ ] Sebastien G: Constant time UTxO processing

## Attendees

-

## Meeting notes

- 

## Action items

- [ ] George and Dominic: Will host next meeting (Aug 13) and discuss interledger stuff further
- [ ] Chairs: Topic for Aug 27 will be a more official discussion and vote whether we can zero-in on some standardization?
