---
date: 2025-07-02
location: https://meet.google.com/vnz-chhb-qxz
recording: https://drive.google.com/file/d/1iMo-HOsXaKMek1RS345nXLq_xfLWhfLu/view
---

## Agenda

- [x] Seb: New time, scope and chairs for the working group
  - https://github.com/cardano-scaling/wg-layer2/pull/14
- [ ] Seb: Nominations for new roles
- [x] (From) Pi: Hydra transaction plugin webinar
- [x] Hinson: DeltaDeFi Demo, reporting hydra issues (disk size, http tx submit, tx valid tag)
- [ ] Phil/Seb: General L2 interoperability (CPS, CIP .. ?)

## Attendees

- Sebastian Nagel
- Hinson Wong
- Lucas Pedro
- George Flerovsky
- Noon van der Silk
- Sebastian Guillemot
- Caina Costa
- Franco Testagrossa

## Meeting notes

- Charter scope review
  - Add to why:
    - Ensure interoperability across the various emerging Layer 2 projects
- We are in need of new chair/secretary .. people running those meetings.
- AI summaries would help in keeping maintenance low
  - why not as long as the resulting meeting notes are available?
  
- AI notes of this meeting: https://docs.google.com/document/d/19eWOIUhEn3fUejJGvoqrKH0nmVdI3h5NW4hdhDZQG1Q

- UTxO processing in constant time? Interesting research happening for Starstream that could be relevant for all layer 2s -> topic for next time!

## Action items

- [ ] SN to create anothe PR for adding the interoperability to the purpose
- [ ] SN to take nominations to the #wg-layer2 channel on discord
